source/reservation-advantech/index.rst, before:

.. _reservation-worker:

============================
Reservation of a worker node
============================

This guide will walk you through the steps of looking up worker node resources and
reserving a worker node.

Step 1: Check Hardware discovery
================================

* From the ExPECA home page, click *Hardware discovery*
* Look up a worker node that satisfies your requirements

.. figure:: hw_discovery_worker.png
  :alt: Hardware discovery, worker node
  :figclass: screenshot

Step 2: Reserving a worker node
===============================

We need to reserve a worker node for our use. ExPECA provides access to allocate and run
Docker containerized applications on nodes.
When you create a reservation for one or more nodes, only you
and other users on your project will be able to use those nodes for the time
specified. We will create a single day reservation for a worker node.

* In the sidebar, click *Reservations* -> *Leases*

.. figure:: lease01.png
  :alt: Main lease view
  :figclass: screenshot

* Click *Device Calendar*. This shows the current worker node reservations in the system. Make sure the worker node
  you want is not reserved for the time you need it.

.. figure:: device_calendar.png
  :alt: Device calendar
  :figclass: screenshot

* Go back to the main lease page
* Click on the *+ Create Lease* button in the toolbar
* Type *my_worker_lease* for the lease name (or any name you want to call it)
* Make sure you always select a Start Date

.. figure:: create_lease01.png
  :alt: Create lease, image 1
  :figclass: screenshot

* Check the *Devices* -> *Reserve Devices* box
* Find the *Devices* -> *Resource Properties* section. In the dropdown below *machine_name*, select the worker node you want
* Click the *Create* button

.. figure:: create_lease02.png
  :alt: The Create Lease dialog
  :figclass: screenshot

The reservation will start shortly, at which point you can continue.

.. note::

   When you set taday as start date and *now* as start time, the reservation will start as soon as possible
   and will last one day.

.. important::

   Do not attempt to stack reservations to circumvent the 7-day lease
   limitation. Your leases may be deleted. Please refer to the `best practices
   <https://www.chameleoncloud.org/learn/frequently-asked-questions/#toc-what-are-the-best-practices-of-chameleon-usage->`_
   if you require a longer reservation.

Commit message:

modified:   source/contents.rst 	modified:   source/reservation-advantech/create_lease01.png 	modified:   source/reservation-advantech/create_lease02.png 	deleted:    source/reservation-advantech/device_calendar.png 	new file:   source/reservation-advantech/hw_discovery_advantech.png 	new file:   source/reservation-advantech/hw_discovery_sdr.png 	deleted:    source/reservation-advantech/hw_discovery_worker.png 	modified:   source/reservation-advantech/index.rst 	new file:   source/reservation-advantech/network_calendar.png 	modified:   source/reservation-sdr/index.rst 	deleted:    source/reservation-advantech/hw_discovery_sdr.png

source/reservation-advantech/index.rst, after:

.. _reservation-advantech:

==================================
Reservation of an Advantech router
==================================

This guide will walk you through the steps of looking up Advantech router resources and
reserving a router.

Step 1: Check Hardware discovery
================================

* From the ExPECA home page, click *Hardware discovery*
* Look up an Advantech router that satisfies your requirements. Note the "segment ID" for the router. You will use it later to make your reservation.

.. figure:: hw_discovery_advantech.png
  :alt: Hardware discovery, Advantech router
  :figclass: screenshot

Step 2: Reserving an Advantech router
=====================================

We need to reserve an Advantech router for our use.
When you create a reservation for one or more Advantech routers, only you
and other users on your project will be able to use those routers for the time
specified. We will create a single day reservation for an Advantech router.

* In the sidebar, click *Reservations* -> *Leases*

.. figure:: lease01.png
  :alt: Main lease view
  :figclass: screenshot

* Click *Network Calendar*. This shows the current Advantech router reservations (identified by "segment ID") in the system. Make sure the Advantech router
  you want is not reserved for the time you need it.

.. figure:: network_calendar.png
  :alt: Network calendar
  :figclass: screenshot

* Go back to the main lease page
* Click on the *+ Create Lease* button in the toolbar
* Type *my_advantech_lease* for the lease name (or any name you want to call it)
* Make sure you always select a Start Date

.. figure:: create_lease01.png
  :alt: Create lease, image 1
  :figclass: screenshot

* Check the *Networks* -> *Reserve Network* box
* Type *advantech01_network* for the network name (or any name you want to call it, depending on which SDR you want)
* Find the *Networks* -> *Resource Properties* section. In the dropdown below *vlan_id*, select the "segment ID" you have for the Advantech router you want.
* Click the *Next* button, and then *Create*

.. figure:: create_lease02.png
  :alt: The Create Lease, image 2
  :figclass: screenshot

The reservation will start shortly, at which point you can continue.

.. note::

   When you set taday as start date and *now* as start time, the reservation will start as soon as possible
   and will last one day.

.. important::

   Do not attempt to stack reservations to circumvent the 7-day lease
   limitation. Your leases may be deleted. Please refer to the `best practices
   <https://www.chameleoncloud.org/learn/frequently-asked-questions/#toc-what-are-the-best-practices-of-chameleon-usage->`_
   if you require a longer reservation.
